E-learning
one of the most effective ways to communicate
a lot of important information
within your company, towards customers,
or even to other professionals.
Research shows that e-learning can be
just as effective or even better than
physical courses and classroom education
without the problems that arise
with physical gathering
such as travel costs, absence,
and not being able to rewind when
your concentration lapses for a minute.
My name is Django van den Busken.
I'm a specialist in using video
as a communication tool
and I want to help you write, record
and publish your e-learning.
My goal is to make this orderly,
simple and effective
to save you from headaches
as much as possible.
You can request a free meeting
down below for more information
or send an email via the contact form.
Want to know more about our crash course
for improving presentation skills?
Go to 24film.nl/coaching.
Until next time.